Level 1
+
Once you reach the beginning of the Mount Qaf, you feel amazed by the majestic
mountain that you will conquer, at the end of this climb. You look at the snowy peaks while
thinking of how to start the journey. There is a hill before you.
+
As you go up the mountain, you see weird plants and flowers coming out of the surface of the mountain.
Suddenly, you hear a thunder-like growl and feel the breeze of giant wings behind you.
You tilt your head up and see a dragon flying towards the top of the mountain.
You've heard stories that this, is no ordinary mountain and they seem to be true.
You've reached a higher level of the mountain and saw a door with a lock, hanging in the air, unattached.
You also saw a path up to the mountain however; there is a human-sized bird in front of it.
+
Once again, you have climbed up on the mountain.
The air started to feel heavier. A cold breeze crawled up on your neck as it was snowing.
You hugged your arms around your chest, wishing to pack a thicker jacket.
In the distance, you saw a cave and filled with hope to get in and get warm.
The cave's entrance small, however, the inside was vast, filled with icicles on the ceiling.
You sat down on a rock trying to get warm and all of a sudden you felt as if you weren't alone.
You stand still to listen to hear its breathing. Then you hear a big laugh echoing on the surface of the cave.
Darkness says "There come many travellers here to conquer this mountain, however very few can pass this point".
You were too scared to answer. The voice continued "Answer my riddle correctly and I'll let you pass, it's that simple!
As small as your thumb, I am light in the air,
you may hear me before you see me, but trust that I'm there.
What am I?"
+
Level 2
+
You woke up the next day, feeling rested.
As you walk out of the cave, the sunlight shines to your eyes.
You can see the peak of the mountain better now.
While you admire the view from up there, you see a horse-sized dragon flying towards you.
It lands in front of you and starts growling at you, snorting grey smokes from its nose.
+
When you have done with the dragon, you move along on your path to the peak of the mountain.
On the way up, you see a hooded figure on the side of the road.
You feel curious to check it out and carefully approach the hooded figure.
As you get closer, you notice that there is no one wearing the hood.
The hood floats in the air freely. There comes a voice from somewhere around the hood.
It says "Are you surprised to see that I'm not worn by anyone! Huh? Typical human".
"Anyway, I'm glad you came here because I've got a brilliant offer for you".
"I can give you these chests but you can only get one of them. So, choose wisely!".
It reveals two identical chests hiding behind. One on the right and one on the left.
+
Finally, you reach the top of the mountain. You feel like a true hero!
You see a chest filled with gold and a big red rock behind it.
As you get closer, you notice that this rock is moving.
You stop walking because this rock is the giant dragon that you saw from before.
The dragon sees you, waiting to attack.
